## Custom Widget for [Wakanda](http://wakanda.org/)### PropertiesThis widget __Select2__ has the following properties: * __Value__: The selected value* __Items__: If value is bound to a related attribute, should match the DataClass pointed by the related attribute, or one of it's descendant.    * Id: Should point to attribute with a unique value    * Text: The displayed option in combobox* __Autosave__:  boolean, not bindable. If true, the changes will be saved to datasource ### GoalsThe __Select2__ is a draggable widget that you can add to your wakanda pages. Once added in your page, you can bind a datasource by dragging the datasource property directly into the widget or by adding the datasource property name in the value field. Any value associated will be transformed into a select boxe that supports searching.### How it works:If "value" is not bound:* It copy the value of the value attribute of the chosen element.* When changed, it should change the chosen element to the one that have it's value attribue value property.* When changed, and no element correspond to the value, it shows empty option.If "value" is bound to a non related attribute:* it should work as if not boundIf "value" is bound to a n>1 related attribute* The user must set an item data source that refer to the DataClass pointed by the related attribute.* when changed, it should change the chosen element to the one that have it's Id attribue == value property* When changed, and no element correspond to the value, it shows empty option.__"value" should not be bindable to a 1>n or to a n>n related attribute.____"Changes will be saved to datasource without user intervention if Autosave is checked.__### User cases:#### Value settingWe have two unrelated dataclasses:* __Person__ with a string attribute countryCode* __Country__ with a string attribute code and string attribute nameThose dataclasses are represented by the datasources person and countryWe want to setup a DropDownMenu that display the list of the countries, and copy the code of the selected country into the countryCode attribute of the datasource person.The user setup the datasource this way:When the user select another item in the DropDownMenu* The current element of the datasource country isn't changed.* The value of the attribute "code" of the selected item is copied to the attribute "countryCode" of the datasource person.When the value of the attribute countryCode of the datasource person change, the selected element in the DropDownMenu change too.When the current element of the datasource country change, the chosen element of the drop down menu doesn't change.When the collection of the datasource country1 change, the elements in the DropDownMenu change accordingly.If no element match the value of the attribute, the combo box shows an empty option.#### Related attributeWe have two dataclasses with a relation* __Employee__  with a related attribute to Company "employer"* __Company__ with a string attribute "name" Those dataclasses are represented by the datasource employee and company, and the related datasource "employer" based on the relation "employee.employer"When the user select another item in the DropDownMenu:* The related attribute employee.company is set to the corresponding company item* The current element of the related datasource "company" is changed to this item.When the related attribute "employee.company" is changed:* The chosen element in the DropDownMenu is changed* The current element of the related datasource "company" is changed too.When the current element of the related datasource "company" is changed* The selected element of the DropDownMenu change * The value of the related attribute "employee.company" is changed too.### More InformationFor more information on how to install a custom widget, refer to [Installing a Custom Widget](http://doc.wakanda.org/WakandaStudio0/help/Title/en/page3869.html#1027761).For more information about Custom Widgets, refer to [Custom Widgets](http://doc.wakanda.org/Wakanda0.v5/help/Title/en/page3863.html "Custom Widgets") in the [Architecture of Wakanda Applications](http://doc.wakanda.org/Wakanda0.v5/help/Title/en/page3844.html "Architecture of Wakanda Applications") manual.Copyright and license---------------------The MIT License (MIT)Copyright (c) 2014 WakandaPermission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included inall copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS INTHE SOFTWARE.